=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Chrome::ExtraPrompt - Perform arbitrary commands when Dist::Zilla prompts you

=head1 VERSION

version 0.015

=head1 SYNOPSIS

In your F<~/.dzil/config.ini> (B<NOT> F<dist.ini>):

    [Chrome::ExtraPrompt]
    command = say Dist zilla would like your attention.
    repeat_prompt = 1

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is a L<Dist::Zilla> plugin that is loaded from your
F<~/.dzil/config.ini>, which affects the behaviour of prompts within
L<Dist::Zilla> commands. When you are prompted, the specified command is run;
it is killed when you provide prompt input.

I have mine configured as in the synopsis, which uses the C<say> command on
OS X to provide an audio prompt to bring me back to this screen session.

=head1 CONFIGURATION OPTIONS

=head2 C<command>

The string containing the command and arguments to call.  required.

=head2 C<repeat_prompt>

A boolean flag (defaulting to false) that, when set,
appends the prompt string to the command and arguments that are called,
passing as a single (additional?) argument.

=head1 CAVEATS

Some architectures may be incapable of processing the kill signal sent to the
command when the prompt returns; if this is happening to you, let me know and I
can do some more things in code to avoid this (such as massaging the command to
avoid a shell intermediary).

=head1 SUPPORT

Bugs may be submitted through L<the RT bug tracker|https://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Chrome-ExtraPrompt>
(or L<bug-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Chrome-ExtraPrompt@rt.cpan.org|mailto:bug-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Chrome-ExtraPrompt@rt.cpan.org>).

There is also a mailing list available for users of this distribution, at
L<http://dzil.org/#mailing-list>.

There is also an irc channel available for users of this distribution, at
L<C<#distzilla> on C<irc.perl.org>|irc://irc.perl.org/#distzilla>.

I am also usually active on irc, as 'ether' at C<irc.perl.org>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Karen Etheridge <ether@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

This software is copyright (c) 2013 by Karen Etheridge.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
